An Employee is eligible for a career ladder promotion when he
or she completes at least one year in the current grade;
demonstrates the ability to perform the higher-grade level
duties; and has an acceptable current written performance appraisal.
In order to be acceptable, the Employee's current rating of
record must be Fully Successful or higher.
Also, no critical performance element can be rated below Fully
Successful if it is also a critical element at the next
higher level of the career ladder.
Two more conditions depend on the Department.
The Department must have sufficient work and sufficient
funds for the higher grade-level position.